# README

Here we go with new programming techniques to online work.  I’m focused on a Local Senior Move Management Company and desire to build with Ruby on Rails.I’m new to Ruby and Rails but have a great deal of experience with this local senior move specialist in Asheville.  What I really like are the people who really care about the people and doing the best for them.  And their care goes beyond to include Hendersonville, Western North Carolina and even further based on request.  What I’m doing with the technical is stretching to be able to offer more to my clients.  I do build a website for local Asheville and Buncombe county businesses with Weebly.  However I’ve heard Ruby on Rails is another great tool for indexing and ranking in search engines to better direct clients to my valued clients.  Working with a new niche and finding it competitive even though I had never been exposed to it before, it is full of tough competition.Senior Move – targeting keywordsMy favorite senior move professionalI’ve known Robert Uherka of Senior Move Management a long time and I’ve heard senior communities rave about him and his services.  To help new clients find his business, I’ve turned to Google Ad Words for keywords assistance.  The top keywords in this industry are moving companies Asheville and assisted living Black Mountain.Identifying associated keywords for this industry helps customers find Senior Move Management and receive excellent service by ranking highly in the keywords they search.  Coupon access code: Gabe4! [Senior Move Asheville NC] (http://www.seniormovemanagement.net/coupon.html)
